feat: remove wrapping div added when using `shouldHideFocusRingOnClick` (#747)
WTTJ/welcome-ui: docs/pages/getting-started.mdx

      theme={theme}
      // Will inject a CSS reset with normalizer
      hasGlobalStyle
    >
      <Button variant="secondary">Welcome!</Button>
    </WuiProvider>
  )
}
```

## Hide the focus ring on mouse move or on keydown

WuiProvider takes a `shouldHideFocusRingOnClick` prop which defaults to `true`. It hides the focus ring on mouse move or on keydown.

> It only adds styles to remove the outline on focus. If you need to remove another css property, you have to write your own styles using the `data-wui-hidefocusrings` data-attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It only adds styles to remove the outline on focus. If you need to remove another css property, you have to write your own styles using the data-attribute `hideFocusRingsDataAttribute` exported from `@welcome-ui/utils`.
```
